Document the declarative plugins configuration file (#80760)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/plugins/plugin-script.asciidoc

files.
=====================

> === Docker

Author: It was intended but I'm happy to go with your suggestion.

* {ref}/zip-windows.html#windows-layout[Directory layout of Windows `.zip` archives]
* {ref}/deb.html#deb-layout[Directory layout of Debian package]
* {ref}/rpm.html#rpm-layout[Directory layout of RPM]

> [discrete]

Reviewer: Right now, this content is appended to the [Plugins directory page](https://elasticsearch_80760.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/plugins/master/_plugins_directory.html), which seems odd to me. I'd drop the `[discrete]` tag so it renders on its own page.
```suggestion
```

[[manage-plugins-using-configuration-file]]
=== Managing plugins using a configuration file

[IMPORTANT]

> . Docker only

Author: I'd never have guess that 😁

> =====================

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but we only require four delimiters. No real reason to use more. For example:

```
[IMPORTANT]
.Docker only
====
My admon text
====
```

Author: I was copying from other lines in the file. I'll remember that for the future.

> At present, this feature is only available when running {es} using our
> Docker images. Other distributions of {es} will not start if they find a

Reviewer: I don't think we need "at present." Users can assume that.

I also wasn't sure what you meant by "our Docker images." If you mean the official ones, I'd link there so it's a bit more explicit.
```suggestion
This feature is only available for https://www.docker.elastic.co/[official {es}
Docker images]. Other {es} distributions will not start with a
```

plugin configuration file.
=====================

> You can choose to manage plugins using a declarative configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run {es} using Docker, you can manage plugins using a declarative configuration file.
```

When {es} starts up, it will compare the plugins in the file with those

> that are currently installed, and add or remove plugins as required. {es}

Reviewer 2: Should we clarify that only official plugins are automatically upgraded?

will also upgrade offical plugins when you upgrade {es} itself.

The file is called `elasticsearch-plugins.yml`, and must be placed in the
Elasticsearch configuration directory, alongside `elasticsearch.yml`. Here
is an example:

[source,yaml]

> -----------------------------------
> plugins:
>   - id: analysis-icu
>   - id: repository-azure
>   - id: custom-mapper
>     location: https://example.com/archive/custom-mapper-1.0.0.zip
> -----------------------------------

Reviewer: Same comment re: delimiters as above.
```suggestion
----
plugins:
  - id: analysis-icu
  - id: repository-azure
  - id: custom-mapper
    location: https://example.com/archive/custom-mapper-1.0.0.zip
----
```

> This example installs the official plugins `analysis-icu` and
> `repository-azure`, and one unofficial plugin. Every plugin must provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example installs the official `analysis-icu` and
`repository-azure` plugins, and one unofficial plugin. Every plugin must provide
```

> an `id`, and unofficial plugins must also provide a `location`. This is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an `id`. Unofficial plugins must also provide a `location`. This is
```

typically a URL, but Maven coordinates are also supported. The downloaded
plugin's name must match the ID in the configuration file.

While {es} will respect the
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/net/proxies.html[standard
Java proxy system properties] when downloading plugins, you can also configure an
HTTP proxy to use explicitly in the configuration file. For example:

> [source,yaml]
> -----------------------------------
> plugins:
>   - id: custom-mapper
>     location: https://example.com/archive/custom-mapper-1.0.0.zip
> proxy: proxy.example.com:8443
> -----------------------------------

Reviewer: Minor delimiter fix.
```suggestion
[source,yaml]
----
plugins:
  - id: custom-mapper
    location: https://example.com/archive/custom-mapper-1.0.0.zip
proxy: proxy.example.com:8443
----
```
